17:49:19     blackcat | looks like we have 11041 directed nodes for the entire excel files
17:50:26     blackcat | (for 40256 tweets)
17:50:43         aren | thats a lot of data
17:51:06       hptran | it's really big, 40000 twitts/ 10000 nodes, so average degree of each node is 4
17:51:49       @d-_-b | that's a lot indeed
17:54:09       hptran | so, I think we can allow more than 100 nodes in a screen, since the average degree is not high
17:54:35       hptran | but it is still very small than 10000, need to find a way for this
17:56:02         aren | Doesn't animation get really slow at or over 100
17:57:11       hptran | aren: yes, I tried 500 nodes in demo Long showed us in the first week, it hang or take very long time to render
17:58:16         aren | so then maybe 100 is a good max despite the low average degree of each node in the data
17:59:24       hptran | yes, we can make tests on this, may be let the user choose how many nodes they want to see , and recommend them the maximum
18:00:01         aren | or only display nodes of a particular size/importance
18:00:19       hptran | yes
18:01:03       @d-_-b | is everyone on
18:01:16            * | d-_-b enjoys meetings with music
18:01:25       hptran | : )
18:01:32         aren | yes
18:01:36     longuyen | yes
18:01:48            * | blackcat is here
18:02:27         aren | you guys can see me on the webcam right
18:02:37       @d-_-b | d<_<b
18:02:44       @d-_-b | d>_>b
18:02:49       hptran | ?
18:02:52     longuyen | aren: yeah you look gorgeous
18:03:04         aren | longuyen: thanks
18:03:18       @d-_-b | so maybe updates from everyone while we wait for jesusaurus
18:03:32       @d-_-b | scrollback == no notes
18:04:27         aren | I'm working on manually sending out mouse scroll events for zoom buttons so I can extrapolate out to pan buttons
18:04:42         aren | d3.js is very heavily linked to mouse events
18:05:13       @d-_-b | cool, makes sense to trigger it that way
18:05:17       @d-_-b | i also wanted to hear everyone's opinions on the state of the project after the meeting friday
18:05:27     longuyen | I'm closed to finishing the task of arranging nodes/links, since Huy's shortest path algorithm will have done the job for distances among nodes
18:05:32   jesusaurus | ohai
18:05:38       @d-_-b | jesusaurus, yo
18:05:52     longuyen | I'm working on selecting nodes, which basically shows all information about a person
18:06:05     longuyen | jesusaurus: konbanwa
18:06:21       @d-_-b | longuyen, cool, was that involving style on the links/nodes too
18:07:15     longuyen | d-_-b: probably, I'm thinking about some cool tooltip from jquery that appears when you hover
18:07:30     longuyen | d-_-b: we can even have picture in the tooltip :)
18:08:12       hptran | longuyen: if user select multiple nodes, then may be you need a data structure to store this
18:08:21       @d-_-b | nice, maybe that's something aren and i can talk to you about, since it's somewhat render and interface
18:08:29       hptran | longuyen: it's not important right now, just idea :)
18:08:39     longuyen | hptran: yeah about to say that too :)
18:08:40       @d-_-b | blackcat, how long did it take to figure that big number out?
18:08:57     blackcat | ~5 mins
18:09:06     blackcat | that's so fast
18:09:10       @d-_-b | that's not as bad as i thought
18:09:18       @d-_-b | and that's the whole sheet?
18:09:26     blackcat | yes
18:09:41     blackcat | i'm checking to see if there is any error
18:09:43       hptran | blackcat: nice
18:09:55       @d-_-b | i know we seemed to settle on a schema last time, was that still the case
18:10:19     blackcat | http://capstone06.cs.pdx.edu/phppgadmin
18:10:29     blackcat | we have the DB here
18:10:35     blackcat | user: postgres
18:10:38     blackcat | pass: bees
18:10:43   jesusaurus | blackcat++ excellent
18:11:00       @d-_-b | sweet
18:11:00     blackcat | 2 tables: user, relationship
18:11:19     blackcat | I have a small trouble with git
18:11:46     blackcat | I must push the new files to branch 'data'
18:11:49     blackcat | correct
18:11:54   jesusaurus | whats the trouble
18:12:07     blackcat | git pull origin data
18:12:07     blackcat | From projects.cecs.pdx.edu:fa2011cs487-beeeeees * branch            data       -> FETCH_HEAD
18:12:08   jesusaurus | yeah
18:12:10     blackcat | Already up-to-date
18:12:19     blackcat | git push
18:12:19     blackcat | To git@projects.cecs.pdx.edu:fa2011cs487-beeeeees ! [rejected]        dev -> dev (non-fast-forward)
18:12:22     blackcat | error: failed to push some refs to 'git@projects.cecs.pdx.edu:fa2011cs487-beeeeees'
18:12:25     blackcat | To prevent you from losing history, non-fast-forward updates were rejected
18:12:27     blackcat | Merge the remote changes (e.g. 'git pull') before pushing again.  See the
18:12:30     blackcat | 'Note about fast-forwards' section of 'git push --help' for details
18:12:45   jesusaurus | hmmm
18:12:46     blackcat | I switch the branch to 'data'
18:13:17   jesusaurus | are you sure you are currently in the branch 'data'
18:13:26     blackcat | yes
18:13:31   jesusaurus | maybe try `git push origin data:data`
18:13:36       @d-_-b | how does everyone else feel about the state of things since friday
18:13:39   jesusaurus | just to be very specific
18:13:51   jesusaurus | d-_-b: good
18:14:02   jesusaurus | ive been review the render branch
18:14:07   jesusaurus | its interesting
18:14:46       @d-_-b | i saw hptran merged his work under test, but i'm not sure that's where it belongs
18:15:10         aren | yeah, I was thinking that dir was for unit tests to make buildbot more simple
18:15:33         aren | also, note: buildbot now builds dev every night at 3AM, so beware if you are pushing work around that time
18:15:51   jesusaurus | aren: good to know
18:15:57       hptran | aren: ok, sorry, so I should push it to dev
18:15:59     longuyen | d-_-b: I saw Matt have some questions regarding our approach. Just need to make sure he's happy with the model we have
18:16:00       @d-_-b | right, hptran, you might move that to research/ and reference it for work in site
18:16:19       @d-_-b | longuyen, approach
18:16:26       hptran | d-_-b: dev branch
18:16:33         aren | hptran: push to whichever branch
18:16:50       @d-_-b | hptran
18:16:53         aren | dev is for stable copies of our work, and when they pass all tests then dev gets merged into master
18:16:58       hptran | ok, i'll push it to research , in render branch
18:17:16   jesusaurus | hptran: yes
18:17:37     longuyen | d-_-b: I'm saying that we might need to tell him more details that the model we have will satisfy all the requirements he acquired
18:18:17     longuyen | d-_-b: cuz last Monday we ran out of time when Huy showed his demo, so Matt may have had a little unsures because he had to rush back home
18:18:41       @d-_-b | longuyen, if you have the agenda up, the bulk of today is to talk about reworking some of the redmine/project plan to match what we got friday
18:19:35       @d-_-b | it sounded to me like the meeting last friday had matt and nitin on board with everything we were doing, specifically for the base prototype
18:19:49       @d-_-b | near the end, after hptran's demo that is
18:19:59     blackcat | jesusaurus: did you do RewriteURL on capstone06
18:20:21     longuyen | d-_-b: ok then it's good :). I just wonder since I didn't really follow at the last couple minutes
18:20:55       @d-_-b | i can ask to confirm again, but i hope to have them both again for the meeting friday
18:21:18     longuyen | d-_-b: sound good
18:21:29       @d-_-b | i'd like to ask everyone now if there's any suggestions for future agenda items that i may have not thought about or forgotten
18:21:58         aren | I'm just wondering if we have walked away from the menu interface. If true then Derek and I can switch to make something else come together and we could get basic demo up sooner than expected
18:22:00   jesusaurus | blackcat: no
18:22:02       @d-_-b | every agenda i send out isn't set in stone, so feel free to add/alter things and let me know
18:22:23     longuyen | d-_-b: can't think of one now, your agenda is decent
18:22:48       @d-_-b | aren, i'm on the same page, and like you said, d3 is click-centric
18:23:00       hptran | d-_-b: when will we merge codes between render and interface
18:23:15       @d-_-b | hptran, that happens through dev
18:23:19       @d-_-b | rather on dev
18:23:34     longuyen | d-_-b hptran thanks, good to know
18:23:50       hptran | but when do you expect it begins?
18:24:07       @d-_-b | to be honest, i feel like learning more about our project calls for some adjusting of the tasks/schedule
18:24:29       @d-_-b | hptran, anytime you merge to dev, you should pull from dev first, right?
18:24:45       @d-_-b | that means work from interface will be in dev for you to pull
18:25:01       hptran | d-_-b: yes, ok, so it means we can start now : )
18:25:08       @d-_-b | yes
18:25:33     longuyen | hptran: yeah actually I think we are going to build up dev together
18:25:52       hptran | longuyen: may be, render and then dev
18:25:52       @d-_-b | longuyen, hptran, what i described does that
18:26:21       hptran | longuyen d-_-b , anyway , good to know
18:26:29       @d-_-b | render, interface, and data are just for things in between ticket completion
18:27:06     longuyen | d-_-b hptran I'm thinking of this flow: ME: pull from dev, pull from render, then commit, push -> render
18:27:09     longuyen | d-_-b: right
18:27:27         aren | sounds right
18:27:33       @d-_-b | yep
18:27:51       hptran | I think so
18:27:55       @d-_-b | then when you complete tickets, merge render to dev
18:28:09     longuyen | d-_-b: ok
18:28:51       @d-_-b | i'm open for the best way to have this task discussion, but here's my idea
18:29:01         aren | so, comp ticket, commit pull push on working branch, then pull dev and then push to dev
18:29:47       @d-_-b | aren, yep
18:29:51         aren | cool
18:30:15       hptran | cool
18:30:37       @d-_-b | we could query with our pairs for a bit, then come back together and discuss. i'm hesitant to rework all the features though
18:31:17       @d-_-b | with features and tasks dependent on sponsor feedback, maybe undated tasks are better for some features
18:31:32       hptran | yes, I plan to mention about it
18:31:33       @d-_-b | does anyone else have an idea
18:32:12   jesusaurus | that sounds good
18:32:25       @d-_-b | my goal for this meeting is to get a clear idea on the next few weeks with matching tickets, and list some features along with expected durations
18:32:37       @d-_-b | maybe rank the features as to which to tackle first
18:32:57       hptran | d-_-b: right
18:33:10       @d-_-b | i honestly feel a little unstable right now still working with the old tickets and this new feedback
18:33:36       @d-_-b | and i'd like everyone to feel like they have equal contributions
18:34:07       @d-_-b | should we query until 6:50ish, then come back
18:34:16     longuyen | d-_-b: would just have them on pace with the mailing list, show them every research demo we have along outgoing emails
18:34:28     longuyen | d-_-b: would that get feedback from them the fastest
18:34:31       @d-_-b | i just say query because this could get busy
18:34:46       @d-_-b | longuyen, i emailed them a link to the github page
18:35:03       @d-_-b | and demos in the friday meetings might work well
18:35:23     longuyen | d-_-b: I think they gonna just take a peak because the page looks broad
18:35:31       @d-_-b | that's true
18:35:45     longuyen | d-_-b: I'm saying like, Huy could have showed them the url to his demo via email to them
18:36:02     longuyen | cuz that's exactly what they want partially for the project
18:36:07       @d-_-b | i think he did when discussing the math with nitin last week
18:36:20       hptran | yes
18:36:53     longuyen | d-_-b: yeah but if we show them urls via email, they would have some ideas before coming to the meeting with us
18:37:12     longuyen | d-_-b: or for some minor changes they would just request them via email to us
18:37:59       hptran | may be we can show them on Friday, because i think one week is enough for making changes
18:38:33       @d-_-b | jesusaurus, there is an email service hook on github to email diffs and links. don't know if it'll work considering the fail on the irc bot
18:38:45       @d-_-b | that could point to beeeeees@cecs.pdx.edu
18:38:53     longuyen | hptran: no I'm not specifically referencing to that, I'm saying that we should show them everything we have gone so far, like urls to out demos
18:38:57   jesusaurus | is that something people want
18:39:01     longuyen | hptran d-_-b should we
18:39:04   jesusaurus | it might make the list noisy
18:39:09       @d-_-b | i don't see the need
18:39:30       @d-_-b | we meet in person often enough, and live demos might work better, especially with matt
18:39:56     longuyen | d-_-b: hm
18:40:11   jesusaurus | d-_-b: i think fridays meeting would have been better if matt & nitin had seen the demo page before coming in
18:40:19       @d-_-b | jesusaurus, blackcat, it doesn't seem like last friday affected your schedule that much, correct
18:40:25   jesusaurus | yeah
18:40:41     blackcat | yes
18:40:53       @d-_-b | that was my fail partially, not putting that specifically at the top of that section
18:41:21       @d-_-b | did you two want to break down that huge task a bit on analyzing the data
18:41:52       @d-_-b | aren, so buttons can trigger mouse events
18:42:13         aren | looks like it. Trying to work through an example right now
18:42:24   jesusaurus | blackcat: you comp'd that huge task? how did you get it done without doing the part before it
18:42:27     blackcat | I think I get the analyzing data part done
18:42:27   jesusaurus | blackcat: -> pm
18:42:56       @d-_-b | aren, pm
18:43:08         aren | sure
18:49:55     longuyen | [RESTROOM - 5MIN]
18:50:04       hptran | blackcat jesusaurus : when will we have the database containing all of required data as we discussed last Friday
18:50:55     blackcat | hptran: you means the real data
18:51:32       hptran | blackcat: it's good if they are real data , but fake data is ok
18:52:31     blackcat | jesusaurus is in charge of writing SQL query to the DB
18:53:21     blackcat | I and he will talk about the way we calculate the inf from real data tomorrow at 6:30
18:54:06       hptran | blackcat: ok
18:55:47       hptran | blackcat jesusaurus : it's still really good if we have 2 tables storing fake data, so rendering can test interacting with database. I think it may test alot of time.
18:56:10   jesusaurus | hptran: good point
18:56:25     blackcat | hptran: I'm making a DB named 'fake' now
18:56:28       @d-_-b | hptran, i thought the rendering was only worried about json?
18:58:01     blackcat | it's done
18:58:24     blackcat | jesusaurus: will you store the fake data to that fake DB
18:59:32       hptran | d-_-b: the thing I worry is how do we display 10000 nodes, we need some way, partially display for example, so we need to query data from rendering many time, fake database helps us to prepare how to do this
19:00:40       hptran | d-_-b: I also need to find a way to push my shortest path value to the database also, need to test , and learn it
19:01:16       hptran | d-_-b blackcat jesusaurus , if it is easy, and not take much time, could you do this
19:01:40     longuyen | hptran d-_-b I think as long as the random JSON from jesusaurus is reasonable, then the render should work fine actual data as it did with fake data
19:01:50       @d-_-b | remember that testing is writing unit tests for buildbot. if you do that, you could have the tests run every time you commit
19:02:28         aren | jesusaurus: when searching gets implemented, do you want sanitized strings
19:02:42     longuyen | hptran d-_-b the things render need in what Huy said is that we may need one more field in the database for rational geometric distance among nodes
19:02:45       hptran | longuyen: but random data did not include shortest path value right now
19:03:18     blackcat | aren: sanitized string is my part. If we have time to do this extra function
19:03:32       @d-_-b | longuyen, you mean another column for the shortest path? i thought that would replace the actual path value
19:03:55     longuyen | d-_-b: yes that's what Huy wants, and also it would help me arrange nodes
19:03:55       hptran | longuyen d-_-b : yes, we need both values
19:03:59         aren | blackcat: Okay, just wanted to know if I had to pull string out of interface and pass santized or not ... looks like I have to just pass it on
19:04:05     longuyen | d-_-b: in terms of my tasks
19:04:23       @d-_-b | alright
19:04:53       hptran | longuyen blackcat d-_-b jesusaurus : do you agree on fake data in database
19:05:29     longuyen | hptran: what do you mean by fake data
19:05:34       @d-_-b | so let me ask this of everyone: do you think we could get this prototype done sooner than the end of week 4
19:05:36     blackcat | aren: santizing data at client browser is good for us too. I think we should do both
19:05:47   jesusaurus | sorry, was afk
19:06:33       hptran | d-_-b: I expect it's done week 4
19:06:43       hptran | d-_-b: I expect it's done at the week 4
19:06:50       hptran | d-_-b: I expect it's done at the end week 4, sorry
19:06:51     blackcat | longuyen: fake data = random data generated by Jon
19:07:13       @d-_-b | there were a few extra tasks that needed to happen on the prototype before shipping too: licensing, directory structure, tests
19:07:21     longuyen | blackcat: but you have to random data in terms of valid relationship
19:08:07     longuyen | blackcat: i.e. influcence between 2 persons is generated from random # of tweet and @ between them
19:08:16     blackcat | is it now a valid relationship now
19:08:30     longuyen | blackcat: we should ask jesusaurus as he built it
19:08:32     blackcat | is it not a valid relationship now
19:08:43   jesusaurus | yeah, i thought it was valid
19:08:46   jesusaurus | is it not
19:09:12   jesusaurus | thats what i meant when i asked you if the random data was okay
19:09:31     longuyen | jesusaurus: I would say if you random the number of times 2 persons @ and tween/retweet each other, then build up the array of links with influcences from that
19:09:38     longuyen | jesusaurus: then it will be valid
19:09:53     longuyen | jesusaurus: oh I see
19:10:27     longuyen | jesusaurus: yeah actually I haven't really noticed that until the meeting w/ Nitin about 2 weeks ago
19:10:39       @d-_-b | so what are people's plans until the end of week 4
19:10:51       hptran | longuyen jesusaurus : I agree
19:11:11   jesusaurus | so, longuyen, the random data is or is not okay
19:11:16     blackcat | longuyen: what is the difference between randoming the influences and randoming the number of times
19:11:27     blackcat | I didn't get that
19:11:34     longuyen | blackcat: significant difference
19:12:17     blackcat | uhm, for example
19:12:31     longuyen | blackcat: let say, long->tien = random(1, 100); tien->long = random(1, 100); inf(Long, Tien) = long->tien + tien->long
19:12:48       hptran | jesusaurus: for the graph make sensing, we need to calculate influent value from fake data, not use fake value for influent
19:12:55     longuyen | if you random that way then the random data would behave exactly as the real one does
19:13:04       hptran | jesusaurus: for the graph make sense, we need to calculate influent value from fake data, not use fake value for influent
19:13:27     longuyen | hptran: right, not using fake value for influent, you got me
19:13:48       hptran | jesusaurus: if you create table with random data, then blackcat will analyze your random data
19:14:00       hptran | blackcat: right?, you need to test your algorithm also
19:14:23       hptran | jesusaurus: you will need to generate JSON from database also
19:14:23       @d-_-b | we've got about ~15 minutes left
19:14:48       hptran | blackcat jesusaurus : is it right
19:15:10     longuyen | hptran: can we apply your shortest path algorithm every time we request JSON from jesusaurus, instead of implement the shortest path -> database now
19:15:45   jesusaurus | i still dont see the difference between what i already made and putting the exact same data in a table, as far as rendering is concerned
19:15:46     longuyen | hptran: it will be processed from PHP, as a trailing code to what jesusaurus already written for his random data
19:16:00       hptran | longuyen: we can not do this, shortest path is right now in matlab, need to be push directly to database
19:16:06     blackcat | hptran: is it random + random = radom
19:16:18     blackcat | :-s I still didn't get it
19:16:20     longuyen | blackcat: not at all
19:16:38     longuyen | the influcent between 2 persons are calculated based on their random mentioning each other
19:16:48     longuyen | the influcent is not random at the first place
19:17:18     blackcat | ah I get that
19:17:20     blackcat | :))
19:17:24   jesusaurus | right now the influence is the same thing as the number of @ mentions
19:17:40       @d-_-b | longuyen, i think jesusaurus' generator does that, as the influence and frequency are constrained to the random nodes
19:17:44       @d-_-b | jesusaurus, right
19:17:45   jesusaurus | so, making a random number of @ mentions is no different then making a random influence
19:17:55   jesusaurus | d-_-b: yeah
19:18:04       hptran | jesusaurus: if you push random data in the table in database, then blackcat is the guys who analyze data right?
19:18:27       @d-_-b | longuyen, it's the same thing, you are describing the intermediate step that can be avoided
19:18:39     blackcat | hptran:  right now I analyze tha data 'on the fly'
19:19:01     longuyen | d-_-b: you you are right, I was too much sticked to the geometric distance among nodes
19:19:04     blackcat | parse and then calculate the inf right away
19:19:10     longuyen | d-_-b: the influence is another attribute
19:20:09       hptran | blackcat: you may need to analyze data directly in the databse eventually?
19:20:15     longuyen | hptran: one more point, does your algorithm do anything with node's degree?
19:20:16       @d-_-b | with ten minutes left, i have a few things. i don't want to interrupt the flow here though, i think it's good:
19:21:23       hptran | longuyen: my algorithm can analyze I think all of the attribute we need except id,frequencyS-T, frequencyT-S
19:21:27       @d-_-b | given the new expectations from matt and nitin on the prototype, and the whiteboards from friday, i want our tickets in redmine updated to reflect that. comp them if they're tasks you've already done and haven't included
19:21:49       @d-_-b | keep the project plan tables current along side the changes you make
19:21:59     longuyen | hptran: then it's good so far, because the frequenceT-S and S-T is only used to draw how thick a line is
19:22:14       @d-_-b | does this sound reasonable? i would want it to happen this week for friday's meeting
19:22:20     longuyen | hptran: it should not contribute at all to arranging nodes
19:22:25       hptran | blackcat: so may be we need to discuss more later
19:22:44     blackcat | yeah, tmr same time, same room
19:22:54       @d-_-b | this means we'd all probably meet with our pairs some other time this week to get everything straightened
19:23:06       @d-_-b | i'll assign tickets tonight about this
19:23:30       hptran | d-_-b: ok
19:23:38     longuyen | hptran blackcat jesusaurus so if Huy implemented on MatLab then we would need another field in the db then
19:23:45       @d-_-b | i would think details on the next few weeks and estimates/priorities on features after that would be sufficient
19:24:00     longuyen | hptran blackcat jesusaurus which mean blackcat will have to plus Huy's algorithm to his code before inserting data
19:24:03       @d-_-b | is everyone clear? should we do something different
19:24:12   jesusaurus | longuyen: what field
19:24:17       @d-_-b | i can pastie this scrollback and get it to the repo as well
19:24:45       @d-_-b | any questions/concerns
19:24:47   jesusaurus | d-_-b: sounds good
19:24:48       hptran | d-_-b: I made note of it
19:25:04     longuyen | jesusaurus: the ratio distance among nodes, as what Huy's algorithm will give you
19:25:25       @d-_-b | this reschedule of tasks while in the middle of things may seem shaky, but i think that's what needs to happen as we learn more about our project
19:25:40       hptran | d-_-b: agree
19:25:49   jesusaurus | longuyen: oh yeah
19:26:16       @d-_-b | and as a special note, if you've written code that needs to be tested, please get on unit tests and talk with aren about what is needed to run them
19:26:30     longuyen | blackcat: how many nodes would we have from the real data
19:26:31       @d-_-b | as the project grows, testing by hand won't be feasible
19:26:34       hptran | d-_-b: so do you need me to post the note I took, or you will post this scrollback
19:27:02       @d-_-b | hptran, if i upload the scrollback, you can just put up the agenda with a link
19:27:13     blackcat | longuyen: if my algoim 's right, there are 11041 directed nodes
19:27:24       hptran | d-_-b: it's easy for me, thanks
19:27:40     blackcat | from 40256 tweets
19:28:07     longuyen | blackcat: that's huge
19:28:33       hptran | longuyen: that why we need to prepare for this
19:29:04       @d-_-b | if that's it for me, i'll call this meeting over and head to the leads meeting. carry on the conversation
19:29:19       @d-_-b | longuyen, i can fill you in later if you want to stay chattin
19:29:38     longuyen | d-_-b: I want to stay cuz there's something I need to discuss with Huy now
19:29:48       @d-_-b | longuyen, sure
19:30:08       @d-_-b | discussing here is a plus too
19:30:18       @d-_-b | i'm off then, see everyone soon
19:30:24       hptran | d-_-b: see you
19:30:26         aren | later gu
19:30:28         aren | ys
19:30:33       hptran | see all later
19:30:43       hptran | longuyen: I'm coming
