17:58:55          * | longuyen here
18:00:25     @d-_-b | aren, jesusaurus?
18:01:22     @d-_-b | longuyen, i think the overlap at 100 nodes will be resolved once we fix the NaN issues
18:02:15   longuyen | d-_-b: I see
18:02:42     @d-_-b | the NaN means the circles aren't rendered
18:02:50     @d-_-b | so vmworld isn't even drawn
18:03:35          * | d-_-b saw jesusaurus getting food a bit ago...
18:05:25     @d-_-b | so, weekend recap everyone?
18:05:43 jesusaurus | yeah, i ran up to get some tacos
18:06:03          * | hptran found problems with rendering big subgraph which is allocation memory overflow -> handling it
18:06:23     @d-_-b | i know aren and i got search working like it was, fast and filtering
18:06:41          * | longuyen arrow normalization done
18:06:57          * | longuyen working with Huy and jesusaurus to adapt the new JSON structures
18:08:19     @d-_-b | blackcat, ?
18:08:29 jesusaurus | hptran: pushed
18:09:09       aren | done eating
18:09:57   blackcat | ah I'm done with restructuring my code and create more test cases
18:10:04   blackcat | --> commit to dev
18:10:50   blackcat | trying to help aren with javascript, too
18:11:22     @d-_-b | cool stuff
18:11:23   blackcat | but autocomplete  seems to be done :D
18:11:24     hptran | jesusaurus: okay
18:12:43     @d-_-b | i fixed the overlap issue by scaling the nodes back: https://github.com/PSU-CAPSTONE-BEEEEEES/Tellagence/commit/0c2e9cff9eb62934127a55cfcfe3772b7858ae79
18:12:54     @d-_-b | seems like there are still some issues though
18:13:08   blackcat | hptran: Does the new rendering problem come from PHP or javascript?
18:13:54     @d-_-b | anything else that folks worked on?
18:14:57     hptran | blackcat: it's hard to say, memory allocation overflow in javascript, so it's from the javascript, but to fix this problem we need to modify PHP and javascript
18:15:16 jesusaurus | i worked with hptran to change the JSON format/schema
18:15:35     @d-_-b | longuyen, found the error. this.links elements don't have a shortestpath anymore
18:16:27     hptran | d-_-b: right, now the shortest path is in link.distances
18:16:39     @d-_-b | good to know :)
18:16:49   longuyen | d-_-b: got it
18:16:53     hptran | d-_-b: it would be easier to see when you see the whiteboard in the lab
18:17:37     @d-_-b | hptran, i understand, it's just my node overlap solution assumed shortestpath was in this.links, so that's where the NaN came from
18:17:45     @d-_-b | it's a simple fix
18:17:52     hptran | okay
18:18:21     @d-_-b | jesusaurus, does the search.php on your web.cecs have the new format?
18:18:41 jesusaurus | yeah
18:18:51 jesusaurus | http://web.cecs.pdx.edu/~kjharke/capstone/site/data/search.php?user=wanova&hops=1
18:18:58 jesusaurus | ^^ will give you an idea of the new format
18:19:10     @d-_-b | boo 500
18:20:25     @d-_-b | so how about this folks: just like last week, let's make sure our redmine tickets and project plan tasks are updated. sound good? that way we can talk collisions/discrepencies out now.
18:21:22          * | hptran I don't update the projectplan, since debuging belong to integrate rendering with the current framework
18:21:30 jesusaurus | d-_-b: yeah, i 500 all the time because everytime i change branches, the files change perms
18:21:34 jesusaurus | it should be good now
18:21:48       aren | yeah, why do the files do that?
18:22:02     @d-_-b | jesusaurus, got it
18:22:44 jesusaurus | because git is changing the files, and the default umask is 177
18:23:23 jesusaurus | at least thats what im guessing causes it
18:23:24     @d-_-b | so there's links: {source, target, i12, i21} and distances: {source, target, sp} now?
18:23:29     @d-_-b | makes sense
18:23:35 jesusaurus | yeah
18:23:46     @d-_-b | longuyen, we just need a this.distances and we're good
18:23:53   longuyen | d-_-b: right working on it
18:23:54 jesusaurus | because links is much smaller than distances
18:24:15 jesusaurus | so we dont want the influence data for all the links where they are both zero
18:24:26     @d-_-b | that probably saves a lot without the duplicate i12 and i21
18:24:28     @d-_-b | cool
18:24:50 jesusaurus | yeah, cut a 350MB file down to 250MB
18:28:19          * | d-_-b pushed changes to the project plan. everyone else working on that and redmine?
18:28:42     @d-_-b | our final task set is in the doc/whiteboards/ dir on master
18:29:56     @d-_-b | hptran, you can close #998, #999, and #1167
18:30:28     @d-_-b | aren, i think #1028 is done
18:30:51       aren | yeah, I thought you wanted that to go onto the subgraph render aswell
18:30:53     hptran | okay
18:31:33     @d-_-b | aren, onto? isn't that the behavior we have now?
18:31:46          * | d-_-b might have confused himself
18:32:08       aren | I mean that you want search to work for the subgraph render aswell right?
18:34:29     @d-_-b | aren, http://web.cecs.pdx.edu/~dhurley/capstone/ has the latest dev. is that what you mean?
18:35:04     @d-_-b | it's enabled on the subgraph page, and redraws the graph like before
18:35:33       aren | right. Well. Okay. I gotta step out for about 20, but will be right back. So sorry.
18:35:41     @d-_-b | alright
18:37:19     @d-_-b | jesusaurus, what fancy stuff can we do with the organization thingy?
18:37:54 jesusaurus | i havent played with it a whole lot yet
18:38:01 jesusaurus | but you and i are the owners
18:38:05 jesusaurus | feel free to poke it
18:38:10     @d-_-b | i noticed i had admin now
18:39:36 jesusaurus | it looks like the big thing is more control over who can push & pull
18:39:41 jesusaurus | which doesnt matter for us so much
18:40:06     @d-_-b | yep
18:40:09     @d-_-b | looking at the whiteboard from friday, do we have all the tasks covered and assigned on redmine and the project plan?
18:41:25     @d-_-b | jesusaurus, #914?
18:41:49 jesusaurus | yeah, its all i ever work on
18:42:26     @d-_-b | seems like it, just saw the due date
18:42:55   blackcat | d-_-b: what is normalizing task?
18:42:56 jesusaurus | yeah, i just changed the due date
18:43:25   blackcat | is it optimization step?
18:43:52     @d-_-b | blackcat, on the overlap one?
18:43:59   blackcat | yeah
18:44:26     @d-_-b | i think that was for things like if the link width was wider than the node diameter
18:44:54     @d-_-b | we've still got to work that out with the addition of the arrows
18:45:25     @d-_-b | jesusaurus, longuyen, was there a ticket for the subgraph node count?
18:45:58     @d-_-b | blackcat, you might be able to pick up that task if they're too busy with the json stuff
18:46:29 jesusaurus | d-_-b: what do you mean by subgraph node count?
18:46:42 jesusaurus | oh, removing the useless nodes?
18:46:49   longuyen | jesusaurus: I'll add that
18:46:58   longuyen | jesusaurus: no, count how many nodes for a subgraph view
18:47:17   blackcat | jesusaurus: no, he wants to know there is how many nodes are on the screen
18:47:17     @d-_-b | they said we could draw the graph out to a certain acceptable depth, but still display the count of the total nodes in the subgraph somewhere
18:47:51 jesusaurus | oh, right
18:47:56     @d-_-b | we could honestly just do this.nodes.length
18:48:07     @d-_-b | and jquery it up on the toolbar
18:48:26 jesusaurus | no, because this.nodes may not be the size of the entire subgraph
18:48:42   longuyen | d-_-b: how about the overlap/normalize being assigned to d-_-b, aren and longuyen?
18:48:51     @d-_-b | jesusaurus, ah, true
18:48:51   longuyen | did you create that?
18:49:10   blackcat | jesusaurus: why ?
18:49:12     @d-_-b | longuyen, there's a ticket for it?
18:49:42     @d-_-b | redmine only allows one assignee per ticket
18:49:51   blackcat | longuyen: add watcher
18:49:59 jesusaurus | blackcat: because if we ignore nodes with cutoff, or if we specify a max number of nodes, then nodes will not have all of them
18:50:22     @d-_-b | jesusaurus, yeah, i see your point
18:50:46   longuyen | d-_-b: yes according to the whiteboard
18:50:49 jesusaurus | i will write up nodecount.php
18:50:57 jesusaurus | it will take the argument subgraph
18:51:04   longuyen | huy/long/derec - overlap/normalize
18:51:10 jesusaurus | and return the size of the subgraph
18:51:12   longuyen | sorry, huy instead of aren
18:51:34   longuyen | blackcat: thanks for reminding
18:51:35     @d-_-b | longuyen, i think the normalize task is basically split across the arrows, node overlap, and link width on small nodes
18:52:18     @d-_-b | so normalizing would be done when those three are taken care of, right?
18:52:37     @d-_-b | jesusaurus, sounds like what they want, the true size
18:52:40       aren | back
18:52:41   longuyen | d-_-b: sounds reasonable
18:52:44     @d-_-b | aren, hai
18:53:22   blackcat | longuyen: can we store the subgraph at client browser, and calling it back when user clicks the subgraph button
18:53:25   blackcat | ?
18:54:05   blackcat | I meant we will not erase the subgraph but hide it under iframe
18:54:09   blackcat | I guess
18:54:22   longuyen | blackcat: no I don't think so
18:54:24     @d-_-b | blackcat, hptran said we were having issues with memory on the client with json for vmworld, so that with the subgraph objects may be too much
18:54:31   longuyen | right now clicking the dot already redrew the subgraph
18:54:50     @d-_-b | the subgraph redraws in a decent amount of time i think too
18:54:54   longuyen | with a new json call
18:55:31 jesusaurus | huh, looks like i already wrote that script
18:55:35 jesusaurus | its called subgraph.php
18:55:44 jesusaurus | http://web.cecs.pdx.edu/~kjharke/capstone/site/data/subgraph.php
18:55:52 jesusaurus | does that output work for you guys?
18:55:57   blackcat | hmn, so we need to make a new JSON call for the subgraph due to the issue with memory at client browser, yes?
18:57:04     @d-_-b | jesusaurus, num being the node count? then yes, although we'd need to pick out the current subgraph to display the right num
18:57:16     @d-_-b | blackcat, the way i understand it, yes
18:58:28 jesusaurus | woah, redundant information is redundant
18:58:42 jesusaurus | http://web.cecs.pdx.edu/~kjharke/capstone/site/data/nodecount.php
18:58:47 jesusaurus | is a 1-indexed array
18:59:07     @d-_-b | the index being the subgraph id?
18:59:12 jesusaurus | subgraph 1 => this.subgraphs[0]
18:59:22 jesusaurus | yup
18:59:37 jesusaurus | i can prefix with a 0 to get better offsets
18:59:49   longuyen | jesusaurus: cool
19:00:01     @d-_-b | so when we enter a given graph, does it know it's subgraph id once it renders
19:01:06     @d-_-b | i'd also like to get a feel for the division of work and if it seems fair. pm me if you'd rather talk privately.
19:01:35     @d-_-b | is everyone up to date on redmine/project plan based on the whiteboard?
19:02:21   longuyen | d-_-b: maybe not yet
19:05:19   longuyen | d-_-b: btw your log algorithm seemed to make nodes too small for small graphs
19:05:33   longuyen | d-_-b: did you prepare for that? initial zoom level?
19:05:49     @d-_-b | longuyen, initial zoom level was in the next few days
19:06:11     @d-_-b | i put log so the differences between the nodes were more noticeable
19:06:29     @d-_-b | why are we dividing sun_degree by 10 again?
19:06:40   longuyen | d-_-b: opps
19:07:01   longuyen | that's because I haven't picked up your changes
19:07:49   longuyen | d-_-b: wait.. are you asking me to edit the drawCircles  function?
19:08:46     @d-_-b | longuyen, for the new json format?
19:09:06   longuyen | d-_-b: no the new json format doesn't play anything here
19:09:26     @d-_-b | it needs to though, since my logic depends on the shortestpath
19:09:32   longuyen | cuz you ask why dividing r by 10 and that's defined in drawCircles function
19:09:49     @d-_-b | aren, do you have a ticket in for the hover link info?
19:09:57     @d-_-b | longuyen, i was curious really
19:10:21       aren | I thought I did
19:10:54     @d-_-b | aren, it looks like #1028 has the search title, but hover description
19:11:15     @d-_-b | longuyen, drawCircles is where all the node overlap stuff happens
19:11:26       aren | right
19:11:29     @d-_-b | blackcat, what does your week look like on tasks?
19:12:46     @d-_-b | blackcat, weren't you helping with #1231?
19:13:06   longuyen | d-_-b: it also defines "r"
19:13:26 jesusaurus | brb
19:13:40   longuyen | d-_-b: is it ok if I edit that for you? just change links[i].shortestpath to distances[i].sp, and blah blah
19:14:05     @d-_-b | longuyen, sure thing, it should just be a rename thing
19:14:05          * | longuyen is multitasking
19:14:10   longuyen | d-_-b: yeah
19:14:16       aren | just realized I need to spend a day updating buildbot
19:14:57     @d-_-b | aren, seems like with the demo approaching, buildbot is getting pushed a bit back, don't you think?
19:16:12     @d-_-b | if we could do this over again, i'd probably get folks comfy with unit tests before development. sigh.
19:16:31       aren | I can make buildbot right in our week of docs and presentation
19:16:41       aren | then we will have a full testing framework in place by the end
19:16:47   longuyen | jesusaurus: hey love your ringtone
19:16:56     @d-_-b | aren, for sure, and that two weeks is also testing time
19:17:23     @d-_-b | it's essentially a feature freeze after friday
19:17:45     hptran | d-_-b: should we meet all together one day before the demo day, so if anything happens we can fix that
19:18:03     @d-_-b | hptran, i was just typing that out :)
19:18:26     hptran | :| oh
19:18:27     @d-_-b | this is probably a decent idea, considering the sprints we've had on friday demos before
19:18:45     @d-_-b | is this a probable idea, maybe wednesday night?
19:18:55     hptran | it's okay for me
19:19:26   blackcat | hptran: you will be in school tmr, right?
19:19:36     @d-_-b | how's the project plan looking for folks?
19:19:54     hptran | blackcat: yes, after noon
19:20:02   blackcat | kk see ya there
19:20:36 jesusaurus | longuyen: :)
19:22:01 jesusaurus | so, weds night sprint?
19:22:19     @d-_-b | s/sprint/touch base/
19:22:33       aren | weds night class 5-9
19:22:39     @d-_-b | well shoot
19:23:13   blackcat | nooo, I have a interview on Thursday
19:23:30   blackcat | this week
19:23:32     hptran | so how about Thursday?
19:23:58   blackcat | thursday is good for me
19:24:11   blackcat | I can't make it on wed
19:24:34     @d-_-b | jesusaurus, isn't that a busy day for you?
19:24:55 jesusaurus | no, tues/thurs are my bad days
19:25:12 jesusaurus | oh, right, things change when i look away
19:25:19 jesusaurus | yeah, thursday is bad for me
19:25:30     @d-_-b | sounds like schedules may not allow an intermediate meeting. i'm pretty confident that keeping up on irc and meeting in portions would be sufficient.
19:25:31 jesusaurus | and i just made plans for tomorrow evening :/
19:27:20     @d-_-b | just imagine it folks, three weeks and we'll be done with this class. wow.
19:28:47   longuyen | d-_-b: was a great experience for me
19:29:06     @d-_-b | if that's all for the meeting (tickets, issues, questions, etc.) then i'm out for the leads meeting. everyone doing alright?
19:29:19     @d-_-b | longuyen, same
19:29:52     hptran | okay
19:30:22     @d-_-b | alright, i'll be on irc until late, so ping me with anything that comes up.
19:30:26 jesusaurus | mkay
19:30:27          * | d-_-b ->