17:54:34         aren | here
17:55:32     blackcat | her
18:00:12       @d-_-b | here
18:00:42         aren | here
18:00:44            * | bouncing_dragon here
18:00:56       @d-_-b | bouncing_dragon, why the nick change?
18:01:36 bouncing_dra+| I just made it voodoo yesterday
18:01:41           -- | bouncing_dragon is now known as longuyen
18:01:46     longuyen | :)
18:01:50       @d-_-b | heh
18:02:00   jesusaurus | here
18:02:15       @d-_-b | hptran, ?
18:02:28     blackcat | longuyen: your account is not working?
18:03:13       @d-_-b | longuyen, is hptran around the lab?
18:03:14     longuyen | blackcat: the admin one, no it doesn't
18:03:25     longuyen | I don't see him around
18:03:32       @d-_-b | hrm, we'll start then
18:03:45       @d-_-b | how was everyone's weekend? stress free i hope
18:03:53            * | aren haskell
18:04:04       @d-_-b | aren, yeah, i should've too
18:04:14            * | blackcat is looking for a job :(
18:04:27         aren | AI in haskell == FailFest
18:04:33   jesusaurus | ha
18:04:34            * | longuyen is strongly admired by machine learning
18:04:50       @d-_-b | longuyen, it likes you?
18:05:04     longuyen | yeah I think it found me
18:05:09       @d-_-b | heh
18:05:33     blackcat | longuyen: I can login to a CECS windows box using longuyea account
18:05:40       @d-_-b | so if you've seen the agenda, we've got a few topics to get through. hopefully we can plow through them.
18:05:44     blackcat | with the passwd I gave you
18:06:13     longuyen | blackcat: how about administrative tasks?
18:06:28       @d-_-b | we've got the leftover stuff from friday. first things first though, can everyone close their tickets? all of ours should have been done by friday
18:06:35     blackcat | it got admin right on capstone10 and capstone05
18:06:42       @d-_-b | aside from the normalization ones longuyen did
18:07:42            * | hptran here
18:07:46     blackcat | I'm nearly complete the UML map for the DB
18:07:47       @d-_-b | aren, can you mark #1027 at 100%?
18:07:51       @d-_-b | blackcat, sweet
18:07:53       @d-_-b | hptran, hi
18:07:55         aren | yeah
18:08:01     blackcat | I need to talk with hptran in order to finish it
18:08:28       @d-_-b | blackcat, for sure, we'll get tickets in for that stuff during the meeting
18:08:32     blackcat | hptran: how about tmr at 1:45PM
18:08:44     blackcat | ?
18:08:52       hptran | blackcat: okay, but what is it?
18:09:16       @d-_-b | aren, was the hover info position fixed? i was thinking if it was too much of a hassle, maybe have a dedicated corner of the screen for it.
18:09:27       @d-_-b | one that is unaffected by zoom
18:09:49     blackcat | hptran: I don't know where group_id in groups table links to
18:10:29       hptran | blackcat: it does not link to anywhere
18:10:31         aren | d-_-b: I can do the corner thing. I'm not sure we ever took a look at the center gravity accross platforms
18:10:58       @d-_-b | blackcat, can you update #1124 for time. aren, the same for #1231
18:11:13       @d-_-b | aren, i saw something in git log about the direction, oh well
18:11:32         aren | about gravit?
18:11:35         aren | gravity
18:11:38       @d-_-b | ah, that's the one
18:11:46     longuyen | d-_-b: I added 2 new tasks. Should I reflect that to the project plan for now?
18:11:49       @d-_-b | that's more about the pointer tip though, right?
18:12:05         aren | yeah, the pt sould be right in the center of the object now
18:12:23         aren | but when things get layered like on the big map the tip jumps around a lot
18:12:41       @d-_-b | longuyen, this is where i'd like a consensus on what tasks to include in the project plan. we'll get to that later in the meeting though.
18:12:50   jesusaurus | blackcat: groups is an empty table
18:12:53     longuyen | d-_-b: ok
18:13:26     longuyen | aren: d3 paths allow to write info right in the middle of the path. I think it might have something to aid your hover task
18:13:26       @d-_-b | aren, i think it's due to the lines forming a diagonal of a box, and the tipsy attaches to the corner of that box. seem right?
18:13:30     blackcat | jesusaurus: so we don't need groups table anymore huh?
18:13:42       @d-_-b | longuyen, that might get too messy though
18:13:43   jesusaurus | i dont think we ever used it
18:13:58     longuyen | d-_-b: no, I only view the info on mouse hover
18:14:07         aren | d-_-b: maybe. The behavior of the tooltip seems weird to me
18:14:07     longuyen | d-_-b: on mouseout, I remove the actual text element from the page
18:14:18     longuyen | d-_-b: could be a solution though
18:14:22         aren | I'm looking now to see if I can put tipsy in one corner always
18:14:46       @d-_-b | longuyen, we already have tipsy in though. if we tweak the position of the tipsy tip like aren is trying, that should solve it.
18:15:29     longuyen | d-_-b: yeah, that should be juts in case you really get stuck with typsy
18:15:35       @d-_-b | aren, can you get a task for that position stuff in as a ticket due friday? sound reasonable?
18:15:38       @d-_-b | longuyen, for sure.
18:15:53       @d-_-b | i think the position stuff for tipsy is just css
18:16:17         aren | might be. but I'm thinking about yet another gravity in the js file
18:16:24         aren | using window.height perhaps?
18:16:55       @d-_-b | aren, i saw offset as more of what we wanted than gravity, but maybe i read it wrong
18:17:27         aren | the gravity reps the position of the tooltip around the object
18:17:43         aren | but if I just ignore the object and put the tooltip in the corner of the window that might work
18:17:54         aren | and I can do that by defining a new gravity , I think
18:18:07       @d-_-b | aren, whatever works i suppose
18:18:29       @d-_-b | the other lingering tasks from friday seem like quick cosmetic stuff for our presentation
18:18:41       @d-_-b | it's nice to know we don't have any new features
18:19:34       @d-_-b | darkening the lines, making the arrows a different color, and that may be it
18:19:47     blackcat | hptran: I commit the pic of DB schema to master
18:19:51       @d-_-b | anything i'm forgetting about that?
18:20:13     blackcat | hptran: cann you review it for me?
18:20:37     blackcat | guys ^
18:20:40     longuyen | blackcat: linear scale for normalization?
18:21:03     blackcat | longuyen: what?
18:21:05       @d-_-b | jesusaurus, the schema look good? seems right.
18:21:15     longuyen | d-_-b: linear scale for normalization?
18:21:34     longuyen | blackcat: I don't know why I mistake you with d-_-b quite often today
18:22:01       @d-_-b | longuyen, i was thinking about stuff not in tickets, i know you've got those two in
18:22:10       @d-_-b | should we talk about tests?
18:22:19            * | jesusaurus pulls
18:22:46       @d-_-b | it turns out js is real fun to get running without a browser
18:22:50       hptran | blackcat: okay
18:22:55            * | blackcat --> go to WC for 2 mins
18:22:58     longuyen | d-_-b: how?
18:23:16       @d-_-b | that was sarcasm, i'm having namespace issues right now
18:24:40       @d-_-b | longuyen, http://twoguysarguing.wordpress.com/2010/11/02/make-javascript-tests-part-of-your-build-qunit-rhino/
18:24:49       @d-_-b | that's the page i'm working off of
18:25:15   jesusaurus | looks good, but we might want to add the arrow from users:user_id -> relationship:user_id2
18:25:20       @d-_-b | i've got a basic test running pure js, but i'm trying to use jsmockito and it isn't initializing correctly
18:25:26   jesusaurus | blackcat: ^^
18:25:53       @d-_-b | i also found this: https://github.com/appendto/jquery-mockjax
18:26:11       @d-_-b | which should be nice for autocomplete testing
18:26:32       @d-_-b | jesusaurus, have we gotten kwalify into buildbot?
18:27:21   jesusaurus | d-_-b: not yet
18:27:27            * | aren working on it
18:28:11   jesusaurus | after changing the json format, ive been trying to get the meta json (that describes the json format) to be right
18:28:13       @d-_-b | aren, blackcat, did jslint get figured out?
18:28:25         aren | blackcat is working on it
18:28:57            * | d-_-b can help with buildsteps if needed
18:29:58         aren | I think blackcat was saying rhino is installed now. Not sure though
18:30:09       @d-_-b | jesusaurus, have you talked with blackcat on phpunit for search.php, or has it just been json?
18:30:39   jesusaurus | so far just json
18:30:53       @d-_-b | blackcat, just ssh'ed to capstone02 and rhino isn't found
18:31:14       @d-_-b | jesusaurus, we've got time, no worries
18:31:14         aren | d-_-b: is jslint running then?
18:31:39       @d-_-b | aren, i think the script i wrote is stale and it expects spidermonkey
18:32:10         aren | well crap
18:32:50       @d-_-b | i can check things out tomorrow sometime if blackcat is around
18:34:02     blackcat | jesusaurus: I re-commit the new pic of DB_schema
18:34:17       @d-_-b | blackcat, phpunit runs on the commandline, right?
18:34:35   jesusaurus | blackcat: great
18:34:42     blackcat | d-_-b: I ran it on my browser
18:34:54     blackcat | but I believe we can test it in cmd
18:35:18     blackcat | aren: I install javac on capstone02
18:35:32       @d-_-b | blackcat, buildbot runs shell commands, so text output we can parse is needed
18:35:56     blackcat | but I can't find the docs that you used to run it
18:36:13     blackcat | aren: can you send me that docs so I can run it again
18:36:15       @d-_-b | blackcat, rhino is just a .jar, but i don't know where it is
18:36:28       @d-_-b | blackcat, http://www.mozilla.org/rhino/
18:36:59       @d-_-b | hptran, how does committing the matlab look? commented enough?
18:37:20     blackcat | we have a folder named rhino inside root, is it correct? d-_-b
18:38:21       hptran | d-_-b: I spent time for my exam today, so I have not done with commenting yet, will do it tonight.
18:38:53       @d-_-b | hptran, just curious
18:39:24       hptran | d-_-b: besides, comment and push matlab code, write shortest path section, what else do I need to do in this week?
18:39:49       @d-_-b | blackcat, lookin
18:39:59         aren | yes, everything about rhino is in the rhino dir
18:40:14         aren | if you follow mozilla docs to install then you will get the same error I did
18:40:32         aren | it appears the toolchain is broken or something like that. It says it is missing javac
18:40:37         aren | from the jre path
18:40:43         aren | which I don't understand.
18:40:50     blackcat | aren: I installed javac on capstone02 last Sat
18:41:01     blackcat | hope it could work
18:41:02         aren | did you follow the docs from the mozilla site?
18:41:14         aren | for installing rhino?
18:41:15     blackcat | not yet, I just install javac
18:41:27         aren | I thought javac was on the machine already
18:41:30         aren | just not in the right path
18:41:37     blackcat | aren: no, only java
18:41:56     blackcat | javac requires some more diff packages
18:42:19         aren | I would try building rhino at this poitn to see what you need
18:42:23         aren | * point
18:42:31     blackcat | on last Friday, I get javac: command not found
18:42:41         aren | when you tried to build rhino?
18:42:43     blackcat | now javac is available to use
18:42:53     blackcat | tonight
18:43:00     blackcat | after this kmeeting
18:43:14       @d-_-b | aren, blackcat, i'm going off of step 4 here: http://twoguysarguing.wordpress.com/2010/11/02/make-javascript-tests-part-of-your-build-qunit-rhino/ for running rhino
18:43:40       @d-_-b | let's table that for now to knock off a few other items
18:44:01       @d-_-b | i'd like to say a bit on refactoring
18:44:16       @d-_-b | we've effectively made stuff work (reasonably)
18:45:15   jesusaurus | yup
18:45:20     blackcat | d-_-b: you can run it at step 4 huh?
18:45:25     blackcat | *can't
18:45:25       hptran | blackcat: 've look at your schema, it's correct, it would be good if you add some cardination for the relationships between tables, some notes for below the schema.
18:46:02       @d-_-b | now we need to make sure the maintainers of our code can read and understand our logic once it's passed off
18:46:18       @d-_-b | blackcat, after finding the js.jar, yes
18:46:56     blackcat | hptran: d-_-b Should that part be in the slide or in the Db schema?
18:47:24       @d-_-b | blackcat, on the schema image would work
18:48:11       @d-_-b | this is when we need to go back through the code we've written and make sure the names are consistent, the style is the same, and maybe clean up some of the logic.
18:48:29   jesusaurus | okay
18:48:34       @d-_-b | we agreed on 4 spaces for indents, right? let's make that a standard
18:48:59       @d-_-b | the more uniform our deliverable is, the easier it is to maintain
18:49:41       @d-_-b | it might be good, at least in the js bits, to pull functions into files that group them sensibly
18:50:08       @d-_-b | that's all i'll say on that for now, just remember it in the next few weeks of work
18:50:40       @d-_-b | everyone cool with that and ready for presentation stuff?
18:51:07   jesusaurus | yeah
18:51:09     longuyen | yep0
18:51:10         aren | yup
18:51:23       @d-_-b | it's like king of the hill in here, awesome
18:51:37       @d-_-b | so do we want it like last time, in a shared google doc?
18:51:46       @d-_-b | that seemed to work well
18:51:50       hptran | blackcat: for the arrows in the schema, i think the arrow from subgraph table to user table needed to be reverse?
18:52:16       @d-_-b | how much time is safe to assume for the demo?
18:52:43       @d-_-b | 3-4 minutes?
18:52:54       @d-_-b | i think 10 minutes of talk is a good target
18:53:24   jesusaurus | sounds good
18:53:37       @d-_-b | hptran, was it you that did the google doc setup last time? can you do it again if so?
18:54:11       hptran | yes
18:54:21       @d-_-b | and we had a discussion a few weeks ago about the content being higher level, right?
18:55:01       hptran | not sure about it
18:55:02       @d-_-b | friday, as a group, i want us to put together the slides during the meeting
18:55:23     blackcat | hptran: ok, I fixed that arrow.
18:55:44       hptran | blackcat: make sure you add the cardination in the arrows
18:55:57       @d-_-b | then maybe at the end of friday's meeting, we can run through it once, roughly.
18:55:59     blackcat | hptran: like 1..n
18:56:03     blackcat | or n..n huh?
18:56:21       hptran | like 1..infinity,...
18:56:44     blackcat | done, anything else?
18:56:48   jesusaurus | yeah, 1..1 or 1..n
18:57:04       hptran | d-_-b longuyen : will it be good if we have some chart for showing the whole architecture
18:57:26       @d-_-b | hptran, in the first few slides, for sure
18:57:37       @d-_-b | no whiteboard this time :)
18:57:41       hptran | okay, so who will do this?
18:58:02       @d-_-b | we'll do it as a group friday, we're just setting the tone now
18:58:11       hptran | okay
18:58:13     blackcat | hptran:  you meant render 2k nodes
18:58:24     blackcat | and hit Printscreen huh?
18:58:33       @d-_-b | if we can sprint on the presentation friday, to a finished state, then we have more time for tweaks and practicing
18:59:07       @d-_-b | blackcat, architecture as in excel -> d3
18:59:21       @d-_-b | and everything in the middle (db, json, etc)
18:59:24       hptran | blackcat: I just mention architecture :)
18:59:33       @d-_-b | maybe some stats page with tech used
19:00:38       @d-_-b | a lot of the presentation will be a summarized project plan
19:01:04     blackcat | hptran:  d-_-b does it like a flowchart ?
19:01:08       @d-_-b | i'll assign a task tonight to everyone that by friday, the project plan should be in a pretty finished state.
19:01:11       @d-_-b | blackcat, yeah
19:01:18     blackcat | I can do that
19:01:33       @d-_-b | blackcat, work with longuyen if you are
19:01:53       @d-_-b | i guess we can talk about the project plan now then
19:02:06     blackcat | ok, we will get this flowchart done before Friday for team review
19:02:24       @d-_-b | we basically have two areas to edit: text sections and task tables.
19:02:35       @d-_-b | the tables are pretty much done, just a few tweaks
19:03:00       @d-_-b | the sections (requiremnts, shortest path, revised testing, delivery) need a bit more work
19:03:26       @d-_-b | and sections i'm missing? maybe a revised risk management as well now that we know what happened?
19:03:48       hptran | :)
19:03:55       @d-_-b | i can include details on the sections in individualized tickets, based on your team roles
19:04:06       @d-_-b | like i'm requirements, since i'm sponsor contact
19:05:05       @d-_-b | aren, did you update #1231?
19:05:24         aren | with what? shits still broke
19:05:40       @d-_-b | aren, verily, but i'm looking at dates
19:05:57         aren | oh, right
19:06:39       @d-_-b | make sure, now that tickets are completed, that the milestones/tasks in the tables reflect accurate dates
19:06:50         aren | done
19:06:54       @d-_-b | aren, sweet
19:07:24       @d-_-b | two weeks from today and we're done folks. done for good.
19:08:19       @d-_-b | is there any section or other thing i'm missing on the plan?
19:08:45       hptran | d-_-b: how about nomalizing the node's radius? will you take that?
19:08:50       @d-_-b | bart mentioned us having to put something up on a cs wiki, but we can do that next week
19:09:30       @d-_-b | hptran, for sure, that can be a section with shortest path on the design/challenges stuff
19:10:21       hptran | okay
19:10:32       @d-_-b | it seems like those two make sense together
19:10:40       @d-_-b | at least next to each other
19:11:06   jesusaurus | d-_-b: what wiki?
19:11:14       @d-_-b | remember for the presentation that more pictures is better
19:11:29       @d-_-b | jesusaurus, finding the link
19:11:56       @d-_-b | http://wiki.cs.pdx.edu/capstone-fall2011/
19:12:33   jesusaurus | huh, okay
19:12:50       @d-_-b | he sent this to the leads: http://pastie.org/3530810
19:13:03       @d-_-b | typical bart
19:14:25   jesusaurus | classic bart
19:14:46   jesusaurus | anything else on the agenda?
19:15:01       @d-_-b | not really, typing out a closing statement
19:16:23       @d-_-b | so from now until friday's meeting: work on the lingering tasks from friday if you have them. get to testing when you have time (ask for help if needed). edit the project plan according to tickets i'll create tonight. start cleaning up your code a bit.
19:16:56       @d-_-b | during the meeting we'll sprint on the google doc and probably practice a bit, plus other things
19:17:14       @d-_-b | if that's it, and no questions, i'm out to the leads meeting
19:17:54       @d-_-b | everyone have something to do?
19:18:07       hptran | yes
19:18:09     longuyen |  d-_-b haven't known such page existed
19:18:22       @d-_-b | longuyen, yeah, that's bart for you
19:19:01   jesusaurus | longuyen: im sure he meant to mention it a few times
19:19:09       @d-_-b | *meant*
19:19:17       @d-_-b | *shrug*
19:19:28   jesusaurus | mkay
19:19:30     longuyen | yeah..
19:19:39            * | jesusaurus -> home & dinner
19:19:49            * | d-_-b -> meeting
19:20:05       hptran | -> ...
